Hello fellow group members! 

This file is for practice only!

Please update this file with your name, as a way to "check in" that 
you understand how to use GitHub and utilize the git flow.

Place your name here:

1.  Ken Wilkinson (This name is added after eliminating local fork)

If you are having a hard time, please be sure to follow the steps
below to merge upstream.

1.  Open your fork of the repository.

2.  Click the compare button.

    This will open a page titled Comparing Changes and if you look carefully you'll have jumped to the upstream version of the repository. If you were to do a regular pull request then this makes sense as you'd be bringing your changes into the upstream version. But in this case we want to flip the direction and pull changes from the original version to our fork.

3.  Change the base fork to your repository.

4.  You're now back to your fork but you've also asked to compare       two identical repositories so GitHub thinks you care about          branches not forks. Click on compare across forks to get back       your base fork option.

5.  Change the head fork to the upstream (original) repository

    Note at this point that if you were in control of everything at GitHub you would probably just have put a little button in between the base for and head fork that would have flipped them for you rather than doing all these clicks. You might even had added in a separate button to check for upstream changes! But they do know that this is a bit of a silly hack and they're working hard on a bunch of other cool stuff so we'll let them off this one.

6.  You'll see one of two options:

    "There isn’t anything to compare" This means you're up to date and you don't have to do anything. Phew.

    A list of commits. These are the changes that have happened in the repository since you forked your version. Go to step 7.

7.  Create a pull request

    Note that this pull request is to you! So you can confirm that it's ok and merge it when necessary. And if there are any merge conflicts then it's up to you to figure out what's gone wrong and sort them out.